## Quiz Features
A quiz is divided into a number of rounds, with questions include pictures, audio and video clips. Additional tie-break and sudden-death rounds may be specified.

Teams are assumed to write their answers on papers which are handed to a scorer. Scoring can be deferred by one or more rounds, so that scores are entered while the next round is in progress.

The system assumes three roles:
1. A controller, who operates the system, stepping through the display of questions, answers and scores.
1. A scorer, who enters the scores for each round into the system.
1. A quizmaster, who engages with the quiz competitors and the audience.

The system supports multiple synchronised displays:
- The main display shows a sequence of questions, answers and team scores on a digital projector. Typically, this display is connected to the computer running the quiz server.
- A second device, ideally a laptop, is used to enter scores.
- Optionally, a third device such as a tablet, may be used by the quizmaster to see a preview of the round scores.
- Additional devices may be used to show replicas of the main display on other projectors. This is useful for venues where the competitors and the audience cannot see the same projection screen.
- A display may be set to show just a scoreboard.

If it is not convenient for the controller to be positioned near the connection point for the main projector, they may use any PC or tablet, with the main projector connected as a replica display on another device. Using WiFi to connect the system provides the flexibility to accomodate different venue layouts.

The slides generated by the server can be viewed by any modern browser, such as Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge or Safari.

A user manual is available. It assumes a Raspberry Pi is used and includes a hardware checklist, quiz setup, and fallback suggestions. It also has instruction sheets for the controller, quizmaster and scorers. See docs/manuals in the GitHub repository.
